# Images

Wren comes with various place holder images which can be swapped out for
images of your choice. This readme simply provides some information on the
images included.

## Background

The background image displays titled so if you're replacing the default
with one of your own it's a good idea to make sure that all 4 edges can
wrap around.

The [current background][background]) of Wren is just a modified version of
a wallpaper I found online. I believe [original image](old_background) was
unlicensed but I'll chase this up as soon as possible.

[background]: https://github.com/Foggalong/Wren/blob/master/images/background/main.png
[old_background]: https://github.com/Foggalong/Wren/blob/master/images/background/old.png

## Icons

The icons are displayed at both 48px and 96px so if you're replacing the
defaults with your own it's a good idea to make the size some multiple of
48px. It would also be recommended to use SVG as this allows them to scale
nicely.

The icons used throughout the website are based on [Numix Square](square)
which is licensed under the closed source Numix License, but developed as
a fork of [Numix Circle](circle) and so they are licensed under the GPLv3+.

[square]: http://satya164.deviantart.com/art/Numix-Square-icons-446392650
[circle]: https://github.com/numixproject/numix-icon-theme-circle

## Navigation Icons

The navigation icons are displayed at 24px in the navigation bar so if
you're replacing the defaults with your own it's recommended to use some
multiple of that size. It would also be recommended to use SVG as this
allows them to scale nicely.

The navigation icons use symbols based from the Numix icon themes, and so
are licensed under the GPLv3+.

## Profile

The profile image displays at a resolution of 250px by 250px so if you're
replacing the default with one of your own it's a good idea to make it of
that resolution or higher so it doesn't appear deformed.

The default profile image, [`profile.jpg`][profile], is of a Bewick Wren
and was taken by [Minette Layne][wren] and Creative Commons licensed.

[profile]: https://github.com/Foggalong/Wren/blob/master/images/profile.jpg
[wren]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/7232133@N08
